# Ironmaking-Sequence-Learning
Using SVM to make temperature prediction in an ironmaking process.

## Problem description
The mechanism of ironmaking process includes not only a chemical reaction constrained by heat balance and material balance, but also a physical motion mixed by fulid hydrodynamics. Solving the optimal solution of the mixed dynamic equations is an unsolved mathematical problem. Therefore, it may be feasible to optimize the process via big data technology. The process parameters collected is a high-dimensional big data time series. There are hundreds of influence factors. The production indicators such as output, energy consumption, and hot metal quality are all related to the core indicator - temperature, which is also the silicon content in molten iron [Si] (mass percentage of molten silicon). The prediction of the rise or fall of the blast furnace temperature after 2 hours or 4 hours, that is, the prediction of the [Si] time series is related to the adjustment of the current blast furnace operation parameters. Therefore, [Si] accurate predictive control modeling has become a key technology for smelting process optimization and predictive control. In order to simplify the problem, this project only provides a database consisting of silicon content [Si], sulfur content [S], coal injection PML and blast volume FL of molten iron as the basis for mathematical modeling analysis and data mining. The serial number N is not only the serial number of the data sequence, but also the serial number of the blast furnace tapping time. The requirements of this subject are:  
  
(1) From [Si]-[S]-FL-PML according to the serial number in the given data table, in 1000 furnace production big data, independently choose the learning samples and algorithms, establish [Si] prediction dynamic mathematical model, including a step Prediction.  
(2) Automatically select verification samples to verify the prediction success rate of the mathematical model you have established. Including numerical prediction success rate and furnace temperature rise and fall direction prediction success rate. . And discuss the feasibility of its dynamic predictive control.  
(3) Take the quality index of sulfur content in molten iron [S] as an example. The sulfur content is low and the molten iron quality is good. It can produce high-quality steel and manufacture high-quality equipment. Try to establish an optimized mathematical model of quality index [S], and discuss the expected effect of [Si] predictive control based on the calculation results of the optimized model.

## Solution
The solution is provided in this repository. All contents including a thesis and the codes are available.
